What do you like most about kathmandu?
i love its beautiful temples    +
What should I buy from kathmandu?
you should buy pashmina shawl or khukuri    +
Can I get to Kathmandu by flight?
Yes since kathmandu has nepal’s only international airport you can get there by flight   +
Why should I visit kathmandu?
Because it is a beautiful place full of temples   +
Where is Kathmandu in the world?
Kathmandu is located in the country-Nepal which lies in South Asia  +
I would love to go there?
Me too   +
Which hotel should i stay in?
I personally love yak and yeti   +
What are you planning to do in kathmandu?
I'm planning to eat momos and visit the museums   +
Would you like to go kathmandu?
Yes i would love to go to kathmandu   +
Is Kathmandu a sacred place ?
Kathmandu has a lot of temples and sites that are sacred   +
Does Kathmandu have an international airport?
Yes kathmandu has the Nepal’s only international airport  +
What is Kathmandu like?
It's a beautiful city with temples all around   +
What is your favorite food in kathmandu?
I absolutely love the momos and newari cuisine    +
What should I not miss in  kathmandu?
You should definitely visit basantapur its beautiful    +
What is your favorite food to have in Kathmandu ?
I love the momos    +
What's the weather like in Kathmandu ?
Depends on which season you go there    +
Do you know any good cafes in Kathmandu ?
Ofcourse one of my favourites is the yala cafe    +
Where would you recommend I go first in kathmandu?
You should visit thamel    +
Where should I shop for local products in kathmandu?
You can shop anywhere but thamel is one of the best places to shop for the tourists    +
Is nightlife in Kathmandu good ?
Of Course the city has many bars and clubs you can visit    +
Where should I go in Kathmandu to take pictures?
Basantapur is a beautiful place to take pictures    +
Is  Kathmandu full of temples ?
Yes thats why its also called the city of temples    +
Is Kathmandu expensive?
It depends on what you do   +
Can I find affordable hotels in kathmandu?
Of Course you can choose the hotels as per your price range    +
Which season would be best for visiting kathmandu?
Between October and December is the best time to visit kathmandu   +
What is the old name of Kathmandu?
The old name of kathmandu valley is kasthamandap or kantipuri. +
Which are the most famous places in Kathmandu to see beautiful views ?
There are many places but the view from swayambhunath is spectacular    +
I’m confused about where to visit first in Kathmandu ?
You should visit basantapur first    +
What is a place I should visit in Thamel?
You should definitely visit freak streets. They have awesome restaurants and shops. +
What  is an interesting fact about kathmandu?
It used to be known as the weed capital of the world    +
Tell me an interesting fact about kathmandu ?
It used to be known as the weed capital of the world    +
When does Kathmandu look its best ?
It looks its best during the festival tihar when there are twinkling lights, colors and flowers all around    +
What festival should I celebrate in Kathmandu ?
You should not miss holi as there’s a lot of colors all around    +
Why is Kathmandu valley so developed?
The facilities were further improved as people started to pour in the valley in search of opportunities and facilities. As the population grew ,the facilities were boosted .This is why Kathmandu is developed.  +
Is Kathmandu worth visiting ?
Of Course it is absolutely beautiful    +
Can I buy climbing equipment in Kathmandu ?
Of Course thamel has a lot of shops where you can buy climbing equipments    +
Is  Kathmandu a major city ?
Yes it is the capital city of kathmandu    +
Can I get to Pokhara from kathmandu?
Of Course you can easily get a flight, hire a taxi or get a local bus to pokhara    +
Is Kathmandu a rural place ?
No kathmandu is modern city with most modern facilities  present    +
What local products should I buy in  kathmandu?
You can buy pashmina shawl  ,khukuris  ,rice papers ,thanks and singing bowls    +
Which part of  Kathmandu should tourists visit ?
Thamel is the most famous places for kathmandu    +
Can I find other cuisines like french or chinese in Kathmandu ?
Of Course you can find different cuisines in many parts of kathmandu especially in thamel    +
Why should I visit Kathmandu ?
You should visit it a beautiful city with amazing food    +
What is the best part of Kathmandu ?
There are so many but i specially love its backstreets and gallis    +
Are there proper facilities in Kathmandu ?
Yes kathmandu is a modern city with good facilities    +
Can people in kathmandu understand english ?
Yes most people in kathmandu specially in the tourism prone areas can understand english    +
Can people in kathmandu speak english ?
Yes most people in kathmandu specially in the tourism prone areas can speak basic english     +
Give me a tip for  kathmandu ?
While shopping always bargain and never take the first offer    +
Can you give me a tip to shop in  Kathmandu ?
While shopping always bargain and never take the first offer    +
Can you give me a tip for  kathmandu ?
Only drink bottled mineral water    +
Where can I find the best local foods ?
You can find local foods pretty much everywhere but small alleyways have more local foods    +
What should I not do in temples in  Kathmandu ?
You should refrain from taking pictures of the idols inside temple    +
Are kathmandu residents friendly ?
Yes most kathmandu residents are friendly specially to the tourists    +
Does  Kathmandu have good hotels ?
Yes you can find great hotels in kathmandu as per your price range    +
Does Kathmandu have luxury hotels?
Yes you can find great hotels in kathmandu as per your price range    +
Does Kathmandu have cheap hotels ?
Yes you can find great hotels in kathmandu as per your price range    +
What food should I not miss in Kathmandu ?
You should definitely not miss the newari cuisine    +
What is Kathmandu famous for ?
Its famous for it beautiful temples, backstreets as well as world heritage sites    +
Are there any world heritage sites in Kathmandu  ?
Yes there are four world heritage sites in kathmandu +
What are the world heritage sites in Kathmandu ?
The world heritage sites in Kathmandu are pashupatinath,swayambhunath,boudhanath and kathmandu durbar square   +
What should I wear in kathmandu?
It depends on the season but there aren’t many restriction on clothing    +
What is a tip you can give me for kathmandu ?
You should visit the alleys and gallis for amazing graffiti and local foods    +
Is Kathmandu safe ?
Yes kathmandu is mostly safe    +
Is Kathmandu safe for women ?
Yes kathmandu is mostly safe for women    +
Do many tourists visit Kathmandu ?
Yes many tourists visit kathmandu    +
How many world heritage sites are there in kathmandu?
There are four world heritage sites in kathmandu   +
How much would a hotel with pools in Kathmandu cost?
The average price of a hotel with pools in Kathmandu this evening is $106   +
What are the best hotels with pools in Kathmandu near Pashupatinath?
Some of the best hotels with pools in Kathmandu near Pashupatinath include Pashupati Boutique Hotel & Spa, The Dwarika's Hotel, and Hyatt Regency Kathmandu.  +
What are some of the best hotels with pools for stays in Kathmandu?
The Dwarika's Hotel, Baber Mahal Vilas, and Kathmandu Marriott Hotel are some of our most popular hotels with pools in Kathmandu.  +
Which hotels with pools in Kathmandu offer great breakfasts?
The hotels with pools in Kathmandu serving highly-rated breakfasts are Hotel Manaslu, Nirvana Home, and Kathmandu Marriott Hotel.  +
How much is a hotel with pools in Kathmandu for a weekend?
The average price per night for a hotel with pools in Kathmandu this weekend is $105  +
What hotels with pools in Kathmandu have nice views?
Aloft Kathmandu Thamel, Hotel Manaslu, and Hotel Sabrina Kathmandu have nice views.   +
Are there rooftop swimming pools in Kathmandu ?
Yes they are   +
What are the best swimming pools in kathmandu?
Some of The Best Swimming Pools in Kathmandu are SWOYAMBHU REC CENTER, DHANVANTARI SWIMMING POOL, hotel shanker and hotel mulberry   +
Does Kathmandu have infinity pools ?
Yes, Kathmandu has a few infinity pools.  +
Are there infinity pools in Kathmandu ?
Yes kathmandu has a few infinity pools   + 
Is there an international airport in Kathmandu ?
Yes kathmandu has tribhuvan international airport    +
What are good museums in Kathmandu ?
Kathmandu durbar square museum and the national museum are one of the best museums    +
Can I exchange USD to NRS in nepal?
Yes    +
Can I exchange GBP to USD in  Kathmandu ?
Yes    +
Are equipment shops in thamel open during the weekend ?
Yes they may be closed during the morning hours of dashain time ie october 14 to october 19 but they open later during day time    +
What are the working hours for shops in thamel ?
Normal working hours are 9 or 10 am until after 8 pm during trekking season    +
Is Kathmandu worth visiting?
If you are a person who prefers visiting historical places
 as well as a few places of natural sceneries 
Kathmandu will be a good option for you    +
Is Kathmandu safe for tourists?
Kathmandu is a fairly safe city    +
Is Kathmandu dirty?
Sure there's a bit of pollution from the traffic but generally the places are much better
than most Indian cities    +
What is the best area to stay in Kathmandu?
Inhabited and gentrified by hippies in the 1970s thamel is the best area to stay in Kathmandu    +
What is one thing should I avoid in Nepal?
Don't give Nepalese people money or gifts with your left hand    +
What should I be careful of in Kathmandu ?
 Do not leave the hotel without its business card with a phone number and address  you could very easily get lost in the chaos of the city   +
Should I tip in Kathmandu ?
Tipping is ultimately a personal decision    +
Do I have to tip in kathmandu?
Tipping is ultimately a personal decision    +
Is it mandatory to tip in Kathmandu ?
Tipping is ultimately a personal decision    +
Is Kathmandu crowded ?
yes with a high density if population as well as yearly influx of tourists kathmandu can be very crowded    +
Can you see Mt Everest from Kathmandu?
Mount Everest can actually be seen from Kathmandu.The Chandragiri hills in Kathmandu offer a panoramic view of the Himalayan ranges and Mount Everest on a clear day    +
Is Kathmandu beautiful?
yes its artistic architectures and temples make it beautiful    +
What makes Kathmandu beautiful ?
yes its artistic architectures and temples make it beautiful    +
Are kathmandu people hospitable ?
yes they are one of the most hospitable people in the world    +
Are kathmandu people friendly ?
yes they are one of the most friendliest people in the world    +
Why is Kathmandu famous?
Kathmandu is particularly famous for its religious monuments. Various temples monasteries and stupas adorn the city's landscape which are famous for their stunning intricate religious artworks    +
Is Indian rupees accepted in Nepal?
Yes. It is freely accepted in Nepal    +
Is Indian money accepted in Nepal?
Yes. It is freely accepted in Nepal    +
Is Indian currency accepted in Nepal?
Yes. It is freely accepted in Nepal    +
How many days are enough to visit Kathmandu?
It depends on which different places you want to cover but two days 
would be enough to visit the basic landmarks of the city    +
What should I buy in Nepal?
you should buy Thangka Paintings.
Singing Bowls.
Pashmina.
Rice Paper items.
Khukuri.
Handicrafts.
Statues and masks.
Jewellery and arts.    +
What souvenirs should I buy in Nepal ?
Thangka Paintings.
Singing Bowls.
Pashmina.
Rice Paper items.
Khukuri.
Handicrafts.
Statues and masks.
Jewellery and arts.    +
What souvenir should I be careful of buying in Kathmandu ?
you should be careful of buying a khukuri as it can be easily shipped
in the Nepal airport but in your country it maybe be considered as 
a cold weapon    +
Is Thamel safe at night?
Thamel is generally safe upto one am but you should be careful not to roam alone in the streets    +
What should I bring to Kathmandu?
Pack clothes that are light with fast drying fabric and good breathability.
Wear comfortable shoes – preferably ones that you've already worn in. 
Bring a hat and sunglasses to protect you from the sun    +
How do I get from Kathmandu to Mt Everest?
The quickest way is to fly from Kathmandu to Lukla airport
high in the Himalayas. From here it's a couple of days' walk
 to Namche Bazar, the Sherpa capital of the Everest area.   +
What type of place is Kathmandu?
Also known as the city of temples with one of the oldest pagoda design
known with Pashupatinath Temple the city stands at an elevation of approximately 1400 metres or 4600 feet above sea level in the bowl-shaped Kathmandu valley in central Nepal    +
What vaccinations do I need for Kathmandu?
The main recommended vaccinations for Nepal are Hepatitis A Typhoid and Meningitis. Boosters are also recommended for Tetanus Polio Mumps and Measles   +
Is there Uber in Kathmandu?
no   +
Why is Kathmandu called Kathmandu?
The Nepali name Kathmandu comes from Kasthamandap  which stood in Durbar Square   +
What does Kathmandu mean?
The Nepali name Kathmandu comes from Kasthamandap, which stood in Durbar Square   +
How old is Kathmandu?
The Kathmandu Valley may have been inhabited as early as 300 BCE, since the oldest known objects in the valley date to a few hundred years BCE. The earliest known inscription is dated 185 CE. The oldest firmly dated building in the earthquake-prone valley is over 2,000 years old.   +
What is the land structure of Kathmandu?
Kathmandu valley is surrounded by four mountain ranges: Shivapuri hills (at an elevation of 2,732 metres or 8,963 feet), Phulchowki (2,695 metres or 8,842 feet), Nagarjun (2,095 metres or 6,873 feet) and Chandragiri (2,551 metres or 8,369 feet). The major river flowing through the Kathmandu Valley is the Bagmati.   +
Where is your favourite place in kathmandu?
My favourite place in kathmandu is basantapur   +
Where is Kathmandu in the world?
Kathmandu is located in the country-Nepal which lies in South Asia  +
Was Kathmandu a lake?
Evidence indicates that the Kathmandu Valley was covered by a large lake   +
What is the height of Kathmandu?
1,400 m   +
Which region is Kathmandu?
Kathmandu District is a district in Bagmati Zone, Central Development Region,   +
Who made Kathmandu Valley?
The Mallas ruled the Kathmandu Valley and the surrounding area from the 12th until the 18th century CE, when the Shah dynasty of the Gorkha Kingdom under Prithvi Narayan Shah conquered the valley as he created present-day Nepal. His victory in the Battle of Kirtipur was the beginning of his conquest of the valley.   +
Who discovered Kathmandu?
It was founded in 723 by Raja Gunakamadeva.   +
Did Kathmandu used to be a lake?
Geological and fossil evidence indicates that the Kathmandu Valley was covered by a large lake   +
What are good months to travel kathmandu in ?
October to May are good months to travel to Kathmandu, with the festival of Dassian being celebrated every year in October.   +
Can I go to Pokhara from Kathmandu ?
yes you can get a flight,a tourist bus or a local bus from kathmandu to pokhara   +\
Is it illegal to carry nepalese currency outside of Nepal ?
yes it is illegal to carry nepalese currency outside of nepal   +
Will my electronic devices work in nepali electric plugs?
Nepal is 220V and 50HZ, so if your electronic devices are 110V and 60HZ then you’ll need a voltage converter as well.   +
Will I need a voltage converter for my electronic devices?
Nepal is 220V and 50HZ, so if your electronic devices are 110V and 60Hz so you might need one   +
What is a tip while using a taxi in Kathmandu ?
Insist on taxi’s using a meter   +
Does Kathmandu have the internet ?
yes most hotels and restaurants in kathmandu have internet facilities   +
Can I do bungee jumping in Kathmandu ?
no not in kathmandu but there are places few hours away from kathmandu where you can 
do bungee jumping   +
What is the normal climate of Kathmandu ?
The city generally has a climate with warm days followed by cool nights and mornings   +
Should I exchange money at the airport?
Try not to exchange money at the airport as there are service charges and lower rates offered than what you can get in Thamel or elsewhere in the city.   +
What are the main places that I should visit in kathmandu?
Swayambhu aka Monkey Temple,boudhanath stupa , narayanhiti palace museum , thamel chowk , freak street ,
pashupatinath temple , garden of dreams or kaiser mahal  and budhanilkantha temple   +
Are foreigners not allowed inside the Pashupatinath temple?
you can visit the outer parts of the temple however the inner parts of the temple cannot be visited by non hindu tourists or foreigners   +
are non hindu people not allowed inside Pashupatinath temple?
you can visit the outer parts of the temple however the inner parts of the temple cannot be visited by non hindu tourists or foreigners   +
What are the hikes starting from kathmandu?
some hikes you can go to are nagarkot , the kathmandu valley cultural trekking trail , champadevi hill day hike  and shivapuri hiking trek   +
What hikes can I take from Kathmandu ?
some hikes you can go to are nagarkot , the kathmandu valley cultural trekking trail , champadevi hill day hike  and shivapuri hiking trek   +
Are there any hikes I can join from kathmandu?
yes some hikes you can go to are nagarkot , the kathmandu valley cultural trekking trail , champadevi hill day hike  and shivapuri hiking trek   +
Will the atm machines in Kathmandu accept all foreign cards?
Popular ATMs  accept international credit cards like VISA and MasterCard in Kathmandu   +
What cards do ATM machines in Kathmandu accept?
Popular ATMs  accept international credit cards like VISA and MasterCard in Kathmandu   +
How much money can be withdrawn from an ATM in a day in Kathmandu ?
ATMs in kathmandu do usually limit the amount of cash you can take out per day. The limit is often between around NPR 10,000 and NPR 30,000 - very approximately, between USD 100 and USD 340   +
Is MasterCard accepted in Kathmandu ?
yes mastercard and visa are mostly accepted in kathmandu   +
Is a Visa atm card accepted in Kathmandu ?
yes mastercard and visa atm cards are mostly accepted in kathmandu   +
What is the visa cost ?
visa cost is thirty  USD for fifteen days   +
Will we suffer any altitude problems in Kathmandu?
Kathmandu is only 4,500 ft. above sea level. You should have no problems at all. Even if you visit Dhulikhel or other higher places just outside the city they are only around 6,000 feet.  +
Can I play in the snow in Kathmandu ?
Probably not since it rarely snows in kathmandu even in the winters   +
What is the weather in Kathmandu like in january?
January can be quite cold there, getting to be only a few centigrade at night. Days can still be quite hot and usually lovely and clear, but occasionally you'll get no sun all day so it can be very cold on those days.   +
How many hours does it take to go through the visa process and luggage claim in KTM airport? 
thirty five to eighty five minutes to step out of the airport. Of course, it sometimes is longer.   +
Where can I see a lot of buddhist monks in kathmandu?
There are many Gumbas in Kathmandu where you can see lots of monks doing their daily rituals. You can visit Kapan Gumba, Boudhanath, or even in Swayambhunath too. But to be sure you have to request them to capture the photo   +
Can I get a sim card at  the kathmandu airport ?
SIM cards are available at the airport and will cost about 100 to 150 rupees   +
How much do sim cards cost at kathmandu airport?
SIM cards are available at the airport and will cost about 100 to 150 rupees   +
What will I need to get sim cards at Kathmandu airport ?
Photocopies of your passport and a couple of passport photos are needed   +
Are there good tattoo parlors in Kathmandu ?
yes you can find many good tattoo parlors is kathmandu specially in thamel and freakstreet   +
Are there good tattoo shops in Kathmandu ?
yes you can find many good tattoo shops is kathmandu specially in thamel and freak street   +
Where can I find high end luxury brands like Hackett , Hugo boss , Gucci etc. , in Kathmandu ?
None of these companies have an official representation in Nepal but your best bet for upmarket establishments is along Durbar Marg and in Babar Mahal revisited.   +
Are shops open on Saturdays in Kathmandu? 
Most shops are open on Saturdays.Government offices and banks are closed but otherwise it's business as usual.   +
What is the most beautiful thing about kathmandu ?
Probably its temples   +
Can I find proper high end luxury brands in Kathmandu like Gucci,Hugo boss?
Many high end luxury brands don't have an official representative but you may be able to find them near durbar marg   +
Is durbar marg expensive ?
Yes durbar marg is one of the most expensive places in kathmandu   +
What is your favourite souvenir to bring from Kathmandu ?
I love the singing bowls that help me meditate   +
What is your favourite food in Kathmandu ?
I love momos   +
What is the most readily found food in Kathmandu ?
The most readily found food is probably dal bhat or momos   +
Is one day enough to roam around Kathmandu ?
You may be able to visit the major places but you won't be able to roam around the city properly   +
How many days are needed to visit Kathmandu properly ?
Three days will be more than enough to visit the city well   +
Is Kathmandu densely populated ?
Yes it is densely populated   +
Is Kathmandu a good tourist destination?
yes You can find Kathmandu unlike any city of the world with its several world heritage sites and grandest cultures and traditions.   +
Are the people in Kathmandu polite to tourists?
yes most people are very polite and hospitable   +
Is Kathmandu called the city of temples?
yes it is   +
What did you like most in Kathmandu as a first-time tourist?
I liked the people and their straight forward approach.  +
What are the most visited tourist places in Kathmandu?
Thamel kathmandu Durbar square boudhanath nath Swayambhu Pashupatinath   +
What did you buy from kathmandu?
I bought rice paper and singing bowl from kathmandu   +
What should I do while shopping in Kathmandu ?
You should bargain while shopping in kathmandu   +
What are the best touristy things to do in Kathmandu?
the best things to do are Marvel Over Historic Durbar Square ,Walk Through the Old City ,
shop in thamel and visit all the world heritage sites   +
What are the best places to have momos in Kathmandu?
Narayan dai ko momo is regarded as one of the best places however
most local momos are pretty good too   +
Can I find vegan food in Kathmandu ?
yes most of the traditional nepali food is already vegan however
you can also find vegan restaurants around kathmandu   +
is nepali food vegan ?
yes a lot of traditional nepali food is vegan   +
Which part of Kathmandu has the best view of this city?
the top of swayambhu has a pretty good view of the city   +
What are some interesting things to do in Kathmandu - not just the usual tourist things?
some of those things are Live Music,Yoga and meditation and visiting spas or wellness centers   +
What are the best activities to do with children when visiting Kathmandu?
Take them to visit heritage sites, religious sites. You can take them to zoos and water parks.    +
Where can I buy soft 'Chhurpi' in Kathmandu?
You can buy soft Churpi in Thamel which is a very famous tourist area in Kathmandu.   +
Where is the best place I can buy hiking gear in Kathmandu?
You will find everything you need and more in Thamel   +
Can I rent a bicycle in Kathmandu ?
yes there are a lot of shops especially in thamel where you can rent bikes   +
Where can I rent a bicycle in Kathmandu ?
there are a lot of shops especially in thamel where you can rent bicycles   +
Being an Indian, can I rent bikes in Kathmandu?
No, unless you have an international driver’s license   +
Do you need an international driver’s license  to rent a bike in Kathmandu ?
yes  you need an international driver’s license  to rent a bike in kathmandu   +
Where can I rent a motorbike in Kathmandu?
there are a lot of shops especially in thamel where you can rent bikes   +
What is the procedure to rent a bike in kathmandu?
the procedure to rent a bike in Nepal is you need to have an
Original Passport with Nepalese visa or refundable cash deposit around five hundred to a thousand USD AND 
You need to have a Driving license, and you should submit a photocopy of the license to the rental company.   +
What are some cool things to do in Kathmandu?
There are so many unique things to do in Kathmandu. You should visit temples especially boudhanath nath Stupa and Pashupati nath. They are just beautiful.
Walking around in Thamel in the evening Is great. If you want to see real streets of Kathmandu, you should go to Ason Bazar.
It had a great vibe, bit messy streets but had a good time seeing authentic streets.   +
What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Kathmandu?
First time visitors will find so many interesting things about Kathmandu. If you like to visit monuments, you could go to Swayambhunath, boudhanath nath, Pashupatinath and the three durbar squares in the city. The durbar squares were ruled by separate Malla Kings before Nepal was unified as a single nation. Towards the West you will find ‘Chandragiri Hills’ which has a cable-car service to take you to the top. On clear skies, you will see the panoramic view of the valley and the majestic mountain ranges towards the north. Similarly, Nagarkot on the eastern hills is also an attractive spot for mountain lovers. If you fancy trying new cuisines you will find lots of restaurants serving cuisines from all around the world within a small radius of ‘Thamel’. You can buy traditional handicrafts and trekking gears in many of the outlets of the busy commercial center in downtown kathmandu. Very close to Thamel is durbarmarg, or King’s way that has lots of stores, restaurants and malls. Patan district has its own version of ‘Thamel’ in the form of Jhamsikhel, you could spend a whole day trying the food at some of the most exquisite restaurants and have coffee at some of the best coffee shops in town. If you are in Nepal, you have to try ' Newari’ and ‘Thakali’ food. If you get time do visit ‘Newa Lahana’ in Kirtipur that serves the best Newari food and ‘chhyang’(local brew). You sit on the floor on traditional ‘gundri’ or mats where food is served on brass dishes. The waitresses wear traditional newari clothes. There are many Thakali restaurants around town but my favorite is ‘Muktinath Thakali Kitchen’ in Thamel. For shoppers there are quite a few malls, namely City Center(Kamalpokhari), Civil Mall (Sundhara), Labim Mall (Pulchowk), Sherpa Mall (Durbar Marg) and so on. Besides malls there is a chain of supermarkets run by ‘Bhatbhateni’ around several places in Kathmandu. New Road is another commercial hub for shoppers and techno-savvy people.   +
What are the best things about Kathmandu?
THE best things about kathmandu are Beautiful people
Green Hills UNESCO World Heritage Sites Thamel Art and architecture and
Diverse Culture    +
What are some cheap lodging options for an Indian tourist in Kathmandu ?
Thamel should be your choice in that case, it is a Travelers hub   +
What should we be careful of when visiting Kathmandu ?
Nothing apart from the dust. When you get there get a dust mask   +
Is there any tourist bus available from Kathmandu to Pokhara at night?
yes There are many tourist bus available to Pokhara from Kathmandu like jagadamba, sangyo travel etc because Pokhara is a famous place for tourist   +
Is it safe for tourists to walk alone through Kathmandu's streets at night?
it mainly depends upon which part of Kathmandu you are at   +
What can be the minimum budget for a tourist in Kathmandu per day?
The answer depends on where you are going to be staying and eating   +
Is the month of May a good time to travel to Kathmandu in Nepal?
October and November, or the fall season, is the best time to visit Nepal, as there will be sunny days, and clear skies, making these months ideal for those who want to trek. Between the months of March and May, tourists can enjoy the 
best of the spring season. ... Monsoon season in Nepal is from mid-June to mid-September.   +
Is it good to visit Kathmandu in May?
May is one of the warmest months of the year but will bring cloud and showers before the monsoon arrives.so ideally
October and November, or the fall season, is the best time to visit kathmandu   +
Is the month of february a good time to travel to Kathmandu in Nepal?
February is still considered the off-season in Nepal, and some hotels still offer a discount rate. Crowds have not yet returned to 
the tourist hubs of Thamel in Kathmandu making it an ideal month for cultural sightseeing   +
Is March a good time to travel to Kathmandu ?
March is the start of one of the two annual peak tourist seasons, 
and it's also when the temperatures have truly warmed up after winter. With
Some exciting cultural festivals: March is a great time to travel to kathmandu.   +
Is April a good time to travel to Kathmandu ?
yes with the longer days and warmer climate it is a good time to visit kathmandu   +
Should I visit Kathmandu in August ?
August is not the best time of year to get clear views of the mountains. However, a trip and trek at this time of year can still be enjoyable   +
Is September a good time to visit Kathmandu?
September will be perfect as the temperature will be very good.   +
What clothes should I wear in Kathmandu in September?
Autumn is still fairly warm during the day but can dip down to ten celsius at night. During the day,
carry a light jacket or cardigan in case it gets a bit chilly. You can also buy beautiful pashmina scarves
everywhere in Nepal that can keep you warm cover up your shoulders if need be.   +
Is December a good time to visit Nepal?
December is a great time to visit Nepal as the skies are generally clear and the views spectacular.   +
What is the worst time to visit Kathmandu ?
January to February, the winter months, and June to September, the monsoon months, are the months during which Kathmandu 
is less favorable to visit   +
When should I not visit Kathmandu ?
January to February, the winter months, and June to September, the monsoon months, are the months during which Kathmandu 
is less favorable to visit   +
In which months do tourists not visit Kathmandu ?
January to February, the winter months, and June to September, the monsoon months, are the months during 
which Kathmandu sees the lowest number of tourists.   +
What are the months during which Kathmandu sees the lowest number of tourists ?
January to February, the winter months, and June to September, the monsoon months, are the months during 
which Kathmandu sees the lowest number of tourists.   +
Have you ever had an incredible travel experience in Kathmandu that  you will always remember ?
yes i visited kathmandu during november when the festival tihar was taking place there were lights and flowers everywhere
it was beautiful.   +
How do you travel around Kathmandu?
Getting around Kathmandu can be done using Public transport,Taxis,Driving,Car hire,bike hire or Bicycle hire.    +
What language is spoken in Kathmandu ?
 Nepali is the spoken language of Kathmandu, although English is widely spoken in all major tourist hotspots   +
How many things can you do as a tourist in Kathmandu in one day?
Visit the many temples and monasteries, try all the various types of food at 
the restaurant or street stalls, do street shopping, visit the two main stupas, watch a cremation at pashupatinath temple, circumnavigate Boudhdanath stupa. Watch monks challenge each other, observe the rituals of the many yogis, take plenty of photographs and selfies   +
Did Bob Seger ever travel to Kathmandu?
Yes he did travel to  kathmandu   +
Why is Kathmandu called a city of temples?
Kathmandu is called a “City of Temple” for a simple reason 
there are more than 2000 temples in Kathmandu.Every nook
the cranny of Kathmandu unfolds the grandeur of medieval temples.   +
Does Thamel lie in kathmandu?
yes it does   +
Where can I shop for handicrafts in kathmandu?
Thamel is a good place to shop for souvenirs,handicrafts and paintings   +
Where can I shop for souvenirs in kathmandu?
Thamel is a good place to shop for souvenirs,handicrafts and paintings   +
Where can I shop for paintings in kathmandu?
Thamel is a good place to shop for souvenirs,handicrafts and paintings   +
Where can I find local markets in kathmandu?
ason,bhotahity or alleys or new road are great places to find local markets in kathmandu   +
Where can I find branded goods in Kathmandu ?
durbar marg or new road are great place to find branded goods   +
Where can I find household items in kathmandu?
you can find household items almost in all shops including the supermarkets in Kathmandu   +
What are good shopping malls in kathmandu?
some good shopping malls are civil mall,people's plaza,civil trade center,city center and kathmandu mall   +
What is the correct time and route to go to Pashupatinath Temple ?
ideally the morning time would be good to visit there   +
What are the top things to do in Thamel ?
some top things you can do in thamel are shopping,visiting eateries,Bar Hopping,Holistic healing with 
Tibetan Medicine and Clubbing and enjoying Spa and Natural Therapy   +
is thamel in kathmandu ?
yes  +
What is the most expensive restaurant in Kathmandu?
Le Sherpa on Durbar Marg and Chez Caroline in Baber Mahal
are one of the most expensive restaurants in Kathmandu.
What is the most popular food ever eaten in Kathmandu?
dal bhat and momo are among the most popular foods in kathmandu   +
What is the weirdest food in Kathmandu ?
Sapu Mhicha is the weirdest food you will find in Kathmandu 
which  is made of buffalo leaf tripe (i.e., the stomach of buffalo) stuffed with bone marrow.   +
Can we order food online in Kathmandu ?
yes there are a lot of online food delivery websites like foodmandu and bhojdeals 
along with restaurants that deliver food   +
What are the must-try Newari foods in Kathmandu?
you should try newari foods like wo or bara,choila and chatamari which is also known as nepali pizza
you can order a collective set as well also known as newari khaja set   +
What is Kathmandu known for?
kathmandu is known for being the capital city of nepal along with being the city of temples which has
many world heritage sites   +
Which restaurant has the best Nepali khana set in Kathmandu?
restaurants like tukuche restaurant or paathshala restaurant has good nepali khana sets 
however most local places also have fairly good nepali khana sets   +
Where are the best street food spots in Kathmandu?
thamel,boudhanath,kirtipur and basantapur   have good street food spots in kathmandu   +
What are good street foods found in Kathmandu ?
momo,laughing,sekuwa,pani puri and sekuwa are of the best street foods however kathmandu has a lot more
street foods to offer.   +
What are the best places in Kathmandu for nightlife?
the ten best places in kathmandu for nightlife are Club Dejavu
Kathmandu Durbar Square Thamel Street Jatra Pokhara Lok Dohori Naach Ghar
Casino Anna Le Sherpa Restaurant Sam’s Bar Tamas Spa Lounge and
 and Upstairs Jazz   +
Are there casinos in Kathmandu ?
yes there are a number of casinos in kathmandu   +
What are some good casinos in Kathmandu ?
some good casinos in kathmandu are Casino Royale casino mahjong casino rad
The Millionaire's Club and Casino and Casino Pride Nepal.   +
Is Kathmandu a polluted city?
Yes Kathmandu is considered one of the most polluted cities in Asia    +
How is the air quality  in Kathmandu?
It is not very good and you may need a mask   +
Why is Kathmandu so dusty?
In Kathmandu, dust, exhaust fumes from vehicles and smoke are among the major contributors to air pollution.   +
What is the easiest way to get around Kathmandu city ?
The easiest way to get around the historic centre is on foot, though cycle rickshaws   +
How do I get from Kathmandu airport to the city?
You have the option only of a bus, a mini-bus, or a taxi. There are no trains or trams here   +
Are there trains in Kathmandu ?
No You have the option only of a bus, a mini-bus, or a taxi. There are no trains or trams here   +
Are there trams in Kathmandu ?
No You have the option only of a bus, a mini-bus, or a taxi. There are no trains or trams here   +
What is the best way to travel around Kathmandu ?
The easiest way to get around kathmandu is on foot   +
Should I hire a taxi or go around by foot?
You should go around by foot in kathmandu   +
Should I use public transport in kathmandu?
No it is better to go by foot or hire a taxi   +
How should I roam around kathmandu?
it is better to go by foot or hire a taxi   +
Do I need a mask for Kathmandu ?
Yes many places in kathmandu are dusty so you need to wear a mask  +
Do I need to wear a mask in kathmandu?
Yes many places in kathmandu are dusty so you need to wear a mask  +
Is the mask needed for kathmandu?
Yes many places in kathmandu are dusty so you need to wear a mask  +
What is the wettest month in Kathmandu?
 The wettest month with the highest rainfall is July .  +
What is the driest month in Kathmandu?
The driest month with the lowest rainfall is November   +
Is Kathmandu expensive?
Kathmandu, has become the third most expensive city of south Asia   +
How expensive is Kathmandu city?
Kathmandu, has become the third most expensive city of south Asia   +
Are taxis safe in Kathmandu ?
You can find licensed, metered taxis which are safe.   +
Is Kathmandu a small city?
Kathmandu is the biggest city in Nepal   +
Is Kathmandu a city?
Yes it is   +
How old is Kathmandu city ?
It is believed that Kathmandu is two thousand years old.  +
Do you like kathmandu?
Yes i love kathmandu   +
Is Kathmandu in Nepal ?
Yes kathmandu is the capital city of nepal   +
Which is Kathmandu's peak tourism season ?
The peak  tourism season in Kathmandu is from Late September to December   +
Does it rain a lot in Kathmandu ?
During the rainy monsoon season between June to August, it rains to an average between two hundred to three hundred millimeters in Kathmandu   +
What is the warmest month in Kathmandu?
The warmest month with the highest average high temperature is June   +
Is normal water safe to drink in Kathmandu ?
The tap water and river water in Nepal is unsafe to drink in kathmandu.
Which water should I drink in kathmandu?
You should drink bottled water in kathmandu   +
CAN I GET A TIMS card in Kathmandu ?
Yes you can get a tims card from nepal tourism board in kathmandu   +
Can I get a trekking permit in Kathmandu ?
Yes you can get a trekking permit from nepal tourism board in kathmandu   +
Where can I buy TIMS cards in Kathmandu?
The place to apply for a TIMS card in Kathmandu is at the Nepal Tourism Board office   +
Where to get an ACAP permit in Kathmandu?
The place to apply for a ACAP permit in Kathmandu is at the Nepal Tourism Board office   +
Where is Nepal Tourism Board Office in Kathmandu ?
It is located around 15 minutes walk away from Thamel   +
Where to get a TIMS card in Kathmandu?
The place to apply for a TIMS card in Kathmandu is at the Nepal Tourism Board office   +
Where can I buy an ACAP permit in Kathmandu?
The place to apply for a ACAP permit in Kathmandu is at the Nepal Tourism Board office   +
Where would you like to stay in kathmandu?
I would like to stay in thamel.  +
What is the best overland route to go to Kathmandu from India?
There is a direct AC bus from Delhi for Kathmandu.   +
Is it best to hire a guide in Kathmandu or elsewhere?
you are best off hiring a Guide in Kathmandu   +
Is it best to hire a porter in Kathmandu or elsewhere?
you are best off hiring a Porter in Kathmandu   +